quick question about a smaller story
from the week it was revealed that
incredibly one in three adults sleep
with a soft toy every night that is
every third person so one two pervert
yes okay so Ranga nation I'm a little
bit nervous to ask but hands up if you
sleep with a cuddly toy you guys have
got your cuddly toys with your parents
so can you get them out please eco vegan
let's just go with Popish is it I do
sleep with it okay and you're married
aren't you not today
check the phone yours has got some sort
of disease I've made for my
granddaughter this week I was a
conscious decision to make it one of the
most terrifying things I've ever seen
all the little toys that I've made like
friends oh please I've always got wonky
eyes that wasn't anything to do with you
[Applause]
no you should have come out
[Music]
and no I don't I think if you were to
start the relationship with someone who
sleeps with a soft toy in their bed you
have to accept that in 20 years time
you'll be the first victim on an epic
serial killer documentary that's all
mindful me and my partner have both had
identical Smurfs for 30 years and when
we met was brilliant that we had
matching Smurfs but they don't sleep
with it's playing fast and loose with
the word brilliant there well you had
them like you both had a split lady
never met anyone I hate you like you're
Kozma
this is amazing let's go on a killing
spree together
wheeler-dealer it says that you don't
have a teddy bear but you sleep in a
special hat yeah I've got them a hat
that I was given when I was born right I
don't know how it's how is panned out
but somehow the Hat still fits me ok
let's look at the Hat do you sleep with
that every night yeah I just just sort
of slip it on the head I know I know I
know how you wear let me explain to you
what my shower hat work
there's many for winter right when it's
when it's cold yes you know you need to
sort of stay warm
sure well I got winter I know what a hat
is at all wintery doesn't know what a
bear is going
some facts via teddy bear fan so just
give them a little cuddle as I tell you
some teddy fact on average soft toys get
washed once every 7 years 80% of Teddy's
harbor bacteria that can trigger food
poisoning and one in four soft toys
contains traces of pieces okay so one in
four soft toys has got traces of faces
so that's one two three
feces soto pond I'd rather you were
holding an actual
[Music]